docs: add a11y page [KHCP-12912] (#2330)
Kong/kongponents: docs/guide/accessibility.md

# Accessibility

> Most components follow high accessibility standards out of the box. In same cases, you do need to provide additional attributes depending on your use-case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kongponents are designed with accessibility in mind, offering most components that adhere to high accessibility standards by out of the box. 

For certain use cases, you may need to provide additional attributes or structures to ensure optimal accessibility.
```
